c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\Vinterprojekt.exe
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\Vinterprojekt.deps.json
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\Vinterprojekt.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\Vinterprojekt.dll
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\Vinterprojekt.pdb
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\Vinterprojekt.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\Vinterprojekt.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\Vinterprojekt.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\Vinterprojekt.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\Vinterprojekt.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\Vinterprojekt.dll
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\Vinterprojekt.dll
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\Vinterprojekt.pdb
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\Vinterprojekt.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\Vinterprojekt.dll
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\Vinterprojekt\Vinterprojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\Vinterprojekt.csproj.CopyComplete
